Okay.
So in the previous lesson we updated our state file from a JavaScript file to a new TypeScript file.
And in this lesson, I want to do the same thing for the corresponding test file, and this will allow
us to validate that everything still works whenever we have a test file written in TypeScript.
So right here in my file explorer, we're going to go to test unit.
Then in store, we have our state.
That test, that.
Yes, file.
Here it is.
And this is the one that is validating that our state function is returning everything as it should.
So what I'm going to do here is change this file to be a typescript file.
So there we go.
And when I change it, you'll notice that nothing will change.
Everything in this file will stay just.
Just the same.
It's all okay.
And then what I want to do here is I want to run my full test suite, so I'm going to do NPM run test
unit.
And the only reason I want to do this is to validate that my addition of TypeScript to the project is
still going to allow just to recognize test files that are written in TypeScript.
So here you can see it did go through my state, that test that that's file test now with the extension
and everything is still passing.
And the cool part about all of this is that the creation of a typescript file is actually going to give
us a lot of benefits even in our tests, because now our tests are going to be aware of what state represents.
Notice here that this TypeScript file knows that the state function returns an object that fulfills
the global state interface that we created in the previous lesson.
So let me just drag this over to the right so we understand what's going on.
We know that we're returning an object with a global state interface which is defined in this file.
So this thing right here.
So check out what happens when I mistype a property name in my test.
Let's say I accidentally say is logged ends with the zip.
Automatically TypeScript is going to warn me.
It's going to say you told me about a global state interface.
It's supposed to have four properties set to these properties or to these values or these types.
And if I hover my mouse, you can see it tells us property is logged in, does not exist on this type
called global state.
What you told me would be the return value type of your state function.
So now even in our tests, we're going to get this kind of benefit that we would normally not get in
regular vanilla JavaScript because TypeScript is validating those things for us.
And so again, things like typos, you know, over typing a character under type A character having
the wrong casing.
These are common developer issues that TypeScript very easily identifies and points out to us, as well
as, of course, the actual types themselves.
You know what for for example, accessing something as if it's a string when it's a boolean, which
which we've seen before.
But the key takeaway here is we're now reaping the benefits of TypeScript, not just in our implementation
code, which reduces the chance of errors there, but also in our actual test files as well.
So TypeScript is proving to be hugely helpful for us.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.